---
title: Blog Week 4
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-4/
source-id: 1NRHSNR90TqWn87elmmOfdoW1K1lar4Aw08fO-dR3ux0
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th><strong>Spreadsheets, Spreadsheets Everywhere!</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 30th September 2016</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 4</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>30/09/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>I had been changing the .scss file in an attempt to make my blog look clean and proffesional. I was faced with a blog which I was fairly happy with, as the new background and accent colours complimented each other well and the blogs themselves were in depth and thoughtful.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To start experimenting with formulas in spreadsheets by using basic mathematical functions to create a spreadsheet that could be used to run a hypothetical shop. Also, I aim to use the "iframe" attribute to include in my blog a formatted version of the spreadsheet I produce in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>Yes, as my spreadsheet uses the 'SUM' and 'VLOOKUP' functions (as well as other basic mathematical syntaxes) to create a spreadsheet that can work out the daily sales of my 'shop'. However, I was unable to achieve any extra work in the lesson or add anything else to my spreadsheet due to my lack of knowledge of Google Sheets and spreadsheets. </td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong> </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I followed the demo given by my teacher very precisely and took notes to help me remember what to do. One of my peers had prior knowledge of spreadsheets, as his Dad is an accountant. Therefore, I was able to ask him for advice regarding the spreadsheet work. I was stuck at one point when I tried to use the 'VLOOKUP' function; whenever I tried to add it in, the cell with the formula in it filled with '#ERROR!'. Thankfully my peer was able to help me, and it turned out I had selected the wrong cell for the 'VLOOKUP' command. As such, the following code in the formula made no logical sense.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Unfortunately I was unable to do much extra work, as I said, because I didn't know much about the program. I was hoping to add an expenditure section to my spreadsheet. Despite thinking logically and mathematically, I was unable to successfully do this. I am hoping that if I research spreadsheets and Google Sheets, I will be able to figure out how to do what I was unable to do today. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I shall further research the program and spreadsheets and investigate the functions available for use. Coupled with my logical thinking, I hope it will improve my ability of applying real world scenarios to spreadsheets. I also hope this will allow me to overcome problems I have without the need to ask advice from my peers. I have attached a snapshot of my spreadsheet. </td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />
<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IZNHGj6hDPPSimQlWjKxmUK0oa-_DjoZ_pXGIRrlxKU/pubhtml? widget=true&amp;headers=false" style="border-radius: 10px; box-shadow: 3px 3px 5px #000; width: 100%; height: 260px;"></iframe>
<br />

