---
title: Blog Week 1
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week1/
source-id: 1f8sJhSvzV3gE0ByiRfRnJUR7rneNb3e2vQZX2_2waJY
published: true
---

<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th><strong>Testing, testing...is this thing on?</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 9th September 2016</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 1  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>09/09/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>I had a little knowledge of GitHub and repos as well as config.yml files.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong style="width: 150px;">Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To test the waters with publishing with GitHub and to build up a basic understanding of how GitHub works.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>I did reach my target, as my site is now live on the web and can be accessed. I also have an understanding of the fundamentals of publishing with GitHub.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learned best by listening to my I.T teacher as he definitely knew a lot more about GitHub and its mechanics than I did. I feel asking my peers was also an effective strategy, as other than my prior computing knowledge, we were at the same starting point. Therefore, if I didn't understand something, it was likely that they would be able to help me understand it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Lots of people were asking what seemed to be stupid questions. This was very annoying, as it meant my teacher had to spend most of the time answering these ill thought questions rather than actually teaching us what we needed to know.  Also, lots of people were trying to distract me. This was also very irritating because I would be trying to set up a really good blog, when I would be interrupted by my peers. Unfortunately, they were mostly tryig to show me funny memes and gifs they had found on the Internet, which was not helpful.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Always be ready to make notes so that I don't forget what I have been told by my teacher. I could perhaps have my iPad open on a clean note document so I can quickly note down what I'm being told. I need to improve my concentration span, as I got distracted pretty easily in this lesson. This was bad and needs to be improved immediately if I want my blog site to be the best it can be.</td>
  </tr>
  
</table>
<br />

