---
title: Blog Week 10
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-10/
source-id: 1HtLJqVNEOFS9f13IC5nf_lqxb4VzpJP0B_UTALwAoM0
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th><strong>An Introduction To Cyphers</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 25th November 2016</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 10</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>25/11/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>I was incredibly happy with the way my blog looked and was satisfied with the level of detail of my blog posts. I had little knowledge of ciphers although had an idea of how an Enigma Machine worked.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To learn more about ciphers and cipher text and begin to use that knowledge to create my own codes. Also to learn more about the history of ciphers and learn about how different ciphers work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review"</strong></td>
    <td>I did reach my target. I now have a good understanding of how different ciphers work and how they were and still are used through history. I also managed to encode my own message and test them on my classmates.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My main strategy for learning this lesson was to listen intently to my I.T teacher as he explained the different aspects of cyphers. I was careful not to get distracted by my classmates, who were talking behind me. This was very annoying!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The one thing that limited my learning was how I overthought things. I was constantly overthinking how Enigma worked and was getting very confused. I was also spending far too much time thinking about what message I would encode when I should have been actually encoding it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try not to overthink things as it just overcomplicates what could be fairly easy to comprehend. Rather than spending time on thinking about different possibilities or scenarios, I should 'take it as it comes'. Also, I should focus more on the actual encoding of messages rather than trying to think of clever or funny messages to encode. This would allow me to learn more.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

