---
title: Blog Week 7
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-7/
source-id: 1hAhbdyajDnCiahPskqHzlFV42WKiLs9axrMrwWx4lRw
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th><strong>Holy Slideshow Batman!</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 21st November 2016</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />


<table>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 7</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>21/10/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>Just before half term, I was faced with a fairly organised spreadsheet which incorporated lots of mathematical functions. It used conditional formatting and could be used to run a small business. My website looked nice, but not excellent. Seeing as excellent is what I'm aiming for, I was somewhat happy, but not completely.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To add an exciting 'featured' scrolling image bar at the top of my site and a separate page for the list of blogs. This woud add an exciting feature to my site that nobody else (to my knowledge) has. It would really show my skills with HTML and CSS. I would also add a better 'nav' element that would be sleek and also showed my skills. Regarding spreadsheets, I hoped to add multiple sheets to the spreadsheet that I would put the different elements into. This would make my spreadsheet more organised and easier to use. I would also like to add a section that calculates the amount of tax the business would have to pay.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>Definately. The 'featured' image slideshow fits in with the look of the page and is working better than I hoped it would. The nav bar also fits in nicely, although I am still trying to find the right colour for it. The spreadsheet works nicely and the tax calculation system is successfully working. I did hit a few bumps with the tax system, though, as my 'if' statements didn't always make sense. But I eventually ironed out the creases and resolved the problems.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For the spreadsheet, I used my mathematical knowledge to take how tax worked in the real world and put it into the language of the spreadsheet. This allowed me to fix my broken 'if' statements and ultimately succeed in adding in the tax system. For the image slideshow, I looked at W3Schools for a guide about how to implement a slideshow. I then edited the CSS and HTML to tailor it for my site, such as position, colours and aspect ratio.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to be able to quickly use mathematics to solve problems I have with spreadsheets, as most of the problems I encountered boiled down to simple mathematical error. I needed to just take a step back from the problem and think logically. This would have allowed me to fix the problems much quicker than I did. Also, since my Dad is an accountant, I could have asked him for help when I needed it. I did, however, solve the problem on my own, which I am proud of.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I shall slow down and plan what I am going to do in my spreadsheets. This will mean the maths I use will be as simple and effective as possible, and will decrease the number of problems I have. I would also rely a little less on W3Schools for help regarding the aspects of my site, as I used them a lot to work out how to add in the image slideshow. I should have perhaps used them less, and worked out the solution myself.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />
<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Y_Bwg5mD59lPJ4oxcJLH1pf_XzOPBPSOlbALcLYkhjs/pubhtml?widget=true&amp;headers=false" style="border-radius: 10px; box-shadow: 3px 3px 5px #000; width: 100%; height: 500px;"></iframe>
<br />


