---
title: Blog Week 2
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-2/
source-id: 1-rzIH_jW3VomUpZvtew8TFGH3P1KjSb9uWEz1CRQ-Dc
published: true
---

<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th><strong>Ok, I think I'm getting the hang of it.</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 16th September 2016</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>16/09/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>I had played around with the config.yml and css files at home to add some personality to my site.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To begin to make my site look presentable by further editing the css file. I will choose an appropriate background and, most importantly, add padding to my tables (they look very ugly at the moment). I will also change the 'About' section of my site to add more personalisation.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>I somewhat did, as I learnt how to change the ‘About’ section of my blog. However, I am still unhappy with what my website looks like, as the font colour and the background are clashing a litte. And, to be honest, it looks very amateur and childish.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I tried focusing intently on my work to ensure I get the most work possible done in the time I had. I hit a few bumps, as I was unsure how to add a drop shadow to my text boxes. To solve this problem, I looked on the Internet (specifically on W3Schools, which I had used before) to find the answer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Despite my efforts to buckle down at get some work down, I spent most of the lesson helping other people with the problems they were having with their sites. All of the problems were very easy to fix because they were simply down to human error and a lack of logical thinking on my peers' parts. This only irritated me more, as I realised I was spending my time fixing problems that others could have easily solved themselves. I need to remember that, in the end, it's not my site, so I shouldn't be fixing it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>If asked to fix other peoples' problems again, I shall have a quick look to isolate the problem. If it's a genuine problem that takes some fixing, I will hapily help them. However, if it's another problem that can be easily resolved, I shall tell them to work it out for themselves. If they still cannot work out the solution, I shall point them towards our I.T teacher.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

