---
title: Blog Week 5
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-5/
source-id: 12lr8CQOV3afDOXYQNy8quLNBWEPjZVCKeWLG1C2wqqQ
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th><strong>Youtube Videos? No Problem!</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 7th October 2016</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 5</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>07/10/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>I had been researching Google Sheets and spreadsheets to try and build up an understanding of how spreadsheets work, and how they are used in everyday life to support businesses. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To choose and implement an appropriate YouTube video into my blog with the use of the 'iframe' attribute. I also hope to format the video so that it has a drop shadow. I also hope to get rid of the 'suggested videos' screen that pops up when the video has finished.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>Yes (see below for the video I put in). As well as adding the drop shadow and deleting the 'suggested videos' screen, the play bar and information around the sides of the video disappear when the viewer hovers away from the video. The result is very sleek and I am happy with the way it looks. </td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong> </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When I first added the YouTube video into the blog, the play bar remained present at all times. Also, the 'suggested videos' screen was still present at the end of the video. To solve this, I Googled 'How to get rid of play bar when embedding YouTube videos into website'. I found a very helpful YouTube video that gave me clear instructions. This is the YouTube video I have included below. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could not get much done in the lesson as my classmates were asking me for help with their website. While I used this annoying, I enjoyed it this lesson, as it gives me a chance to refine my trouble spotting skills and help people at the same time. This lesson didn't matter because I had finished the task early and so was perfectly happy to help people with their sites. Again, most of the porblems were due to human error, but I am confident my peers will eventually be able to fix these problems themselves.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to focus a little more on my own blog rather than just helping people with their problems. However, I will not completely ‘abandon’ them, I shall just encourage them to seek help from the teacher rather than me, as with the first week. I will also try to add a little more detail to my blog posts, as they are only a couple of sentences per section.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />
<iframe width="100%" height="400px" style="box-shadow:3px 3px 5px #000" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/rWl4y1-rdMw?rel=0;3&amp;autohide=1&amp;showinfo=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
<br />
