---
title: Blog Week 9
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-9/
source-id: 11GRzb0g8xW4uDJzM_Z7vqMUNcPgkxEI43acPcUeRAaw
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th><strong>Ready For Assessment</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 11th November 2016</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 9</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>18/11/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>I was incredibly happy with my website as I think it looked very clean and professional. I also thought my blog posts were informative and detailed.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To continue to add features to a website. When you hover over the title of a blog post the box turns grey. I was considering smoothening this animation as it looks quite janky. Perhaps the box could fade to grey rather than just turning grey instantly.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>Unfortunately not, as the GitHub servers seemed to be down. Nobody could edit their files when they tried to commit changes they were redirected to a '404 not found' webpage.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I could not edit my website in any way, I decided to begin my blog post for Week 9 and work on my spreadsheet. I feel I managed my time well as rather than just sit there and do nothing I got some effective work done.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The major thing that limited my learning was the GitHub servers being down. Unfortunately, because I don't have access to the servers, there wasn’t much I could do about it. So people were stuck with 'error 504’ codes whenever they tried to alter their sites.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will remember to keep busy no matter the circumstances. If there are issues at GitHub, I will work on something else, be it my blog post for that lesson or my spreadsheet. That way I will be learning constantly. </td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

