---
title: Blog Week 6
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-6/
source-id: 12FPUvBwQtVal7OElZ4rIuJn4U6f6jp6odyKDOR_Y_4w
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th><strong>Bug report.</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 14th October 2016</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Title:</strong></td>
  <td>Blog Week 6</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>14/10/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>I had been wrestling with an annoying bug in y site all week. In most peoples' blogs, there was a list of blogs on the homepage with a snippet of the actual content of the blog. However, on my homepage, my first blog showed the whole thing (not just a snippet) and the rest had nothing at all. This was annoying as it was messing up the look of my website.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>Mainly to fix this annoying bug I have, as doing so would make my site look much more organised. I am also hoping to add to my spreadsheet to make it more suitable for my hypothetical business. I hope to fully add an expenditure feature and to use conditional formatting of cells to make it clearer if the business is doing well or not.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>Thankfully yes, with the help of Mr Keen and Mr Tansley! We figured out that I had added a separate 'head' element for each of my blogs so that the Google Fonts I had used could be identified. This, however, was causing the bug, as the default layout already had a head element. In short, each of my blog posts had two head elements. We managed to rectify this error by adding the links to the Google Fonts into the head element of the default layout. I also managed to add to my spreadsheet and format it to make it look nice and organised.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>With the blog, I tried for about 20 minutes in the lesson. Having made no progress, I asked my teacher for help. Unfortunately, he was also unsure of how to solve the problem. So he asked the teacher in the adjoining room to take a look at it. He spotted the problem and solved it, to my relief! He used logical thinking to find the root of the problem and to figure out how to effectively solve it. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I spent most of the lesson trying to fix the problem, so I didn't manage to get anything done on my spreadsheet. There were periods where I was waiting for the teacher to come and take a look at the problem. I could have perhaps worked on my spreadsheet in these periods rather than just sitting there, waiting for something to happen. Because of this, I had to do most of the spreadsheet work at home, which I didn't mind (I actually enjoyed it!). I have attached the spreadsheet as it currently looks.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson I will manage my time more effectively. If I run into another bug (which hopefully won't happen) I will work on my spreadsheet when the problem isn't being looked at by the teacher. Hopefully this way, I will have less classwork to do at home so I can get on with tweaking the look of my website. </td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />
<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_mne95Wj4iD2Y-5Ys5gOtJZN6Dq4c5GA789mgEZn8ew/pubhtml?widget=true&amp;headers=false" style="border-radius: 10px; box-shadow: 3px 3px 5px #000; width: 100%; height: 500px;"></iframe>
<br />

