---
title: Blog Week 3
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-3/
source-id: 1BlEKkroUjtlCM5rPLx5ne5lznVGYv2TSwKUGo9bqg3M
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th><strong>My blog sure looks a lot nicer now.</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 23rd September 2016</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 3</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>23/09/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>I had been messing about with the css file all week in an attempt to make my site look sleek and professional. I had made progress, but was still unhappy with the look of my site.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To further tweak the css file, find more backgrounds and alter the colour scheme to try and make the site look professional.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>I did, as now my site looks sleeker than it did before. I have chosen yet another background and have chosen several accent colours from it to serve  as the base colours of my new colour scheme. I have also added a 'border-radius' attribute to my tables to make them look sleek and modern.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong> </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I listened carefully to my teacher and used what he said to help improve the look of my blog. He told me to look at sites I thought looked good and use what I found as inspiration. So, I looked on Apple's UK site (which I think looks very good) and decided to have a more minamilistic approach in terms of the colours I use (white, light blues, etc.). I also added several attributes to the table to make it look nicer, such as 'border-radius' and 'box-shadow'. I also used the 'rgba' attribute to specify the background colour of the container. This allowed me to change the opacity of it, which worked very well with the background I had chosen.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong> </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When comparing my site to Apple's, there are certain noticeable differences. For example, Apple has used white, grey and black as the accent colours of the site. This makes it look very clean. Whilst I don't want to use exactly those colours, I would like to choose more neutral colours to make my site look less messy. Also, Apple's masthead spreads across the whole page, which is a touch I quite like.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I shall continue to use Apple's UK website as inspiration. I will pick out more neutral accent colours that compliment each other and make my site look cleaner than it does at the moment. I shall also extend the masthead of mydite across the whole page, as I think it looks quite nice.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

