---
title: Blog Week 8
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-8/
source-id: 1RBUJxQuFFqrpiFveLZcp9488pvGmJRSr_PcoODJCmao
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th><strong>Ready For Assessment</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 11th November 2016</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 8</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>11/11/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>My website looked nice with good accent colours and a bright background. It had exciting features, such as a 'featured' image slideshow and a sleek nav bar that slid out when clicked. The blogs, however, were lacking in detail and were only a few lines long.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To refine and improve my site ready for inspection by my teacher in the ‘Mid-Topic Review’. I need to add some detail and thought to my blogs themselves and need to refine the nav element of my site, as I am unhappy with the way it looks.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>Yes, as I have added to my blog posts so that they are no longer only a few lines long. The nav bar is smaller now and a different colour, which I think works much better with the website.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For the nav bar, I sat down and tried lots of different things, such as making it bigger, changing the colour of the righting and making the background slightly transparent. I ended up choosing what I thought was best for the site. I then asked my family if they liked it to get different opinions from other people. For the blog posts, I realised that I was being very general. For example, I would say I was changing something, but wouldn't say how I changed it. So I went into more detail in those aspects.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was somewhat distracted from editing my blog posts, as I had just downloaded a new game onto my PS4 and was anxious to give it a try. I need to try not to get distracted as easily, as it meant I was spending far longer on the work than I needed to. If I had not been distracted, I could have easily finished touching up my sites in a couple of hours. Instead it took nearly 4 hours.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will take my laptop into my bedroom, as I have minimal distractions in there. I shall leave all other technology (phone, iPad, etc.) downstairs so I can focus on the work I need to be doing. Hopefully, this will mean I will finish earlier, but also that the results will be better than they have been.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

