---
title: Blog Week 23
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-23/
source-id: 1FNzaxz7KPHnb7MoUZVi_I7kQnTsyhdzGWfEQqA8e1_E
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th ><strong>A Final Goodbye</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Wednesday 19th July 2017</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 23</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>5/07/17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>My secondary blog had broken beyond repair, so it's back to the original site (which is miles better anyway).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To reflect on everything I’ve done in Year 9 I.T and to realise all of the skills I have learnt.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>I now realise how far I have come from the start of this year, and am ready to face whatever lies ahead in my Computing life at this school.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Primarily, I learned this year from googling difficult problems I couldn't solve, but also by poking things and seeing what they did. Sometimes this yielded brilliant results. Other times, however, this horrifically broke everything. Nevertheless, I now know exactly what buttons to press (and what buttons to never ever press) to accomplish what I need to.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This year, I think I have been distracted by a mixture of solving other people’s problems and generally procrastinating. This is something that I certainly need to address going forward. Although it is still computing practise, I need to focus on the task at hand.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I go into my GCSE Computer Science classes, I will continue to focus on my own work. I will help people sparingly and if they seem genuinely stuck, but I should not make it my primary priority (as I had this year). I should also realise that procrastinating never gives the best outcome, and so if a job’s worth doing, it’s worth doing well.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


