---
title: Blog Week 18
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-18/
source-id: 1IV94bes4Tm52PT4-9U2_dfP6SEM-JDJXXZxWn5oCUAQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
  <td style = "width:150px"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 18</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>7/06/17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>I was in possession of what I believed to be a beautiful and advanced blog with informative posts, exciting features and, most of all, no bugs! I was extremely proud of what I had achieved and what I had done.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>A complete reboot! To enhance my skills, and to ensure I understand how I built the last one, I am going to leave my old site alone and start afresh.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>Now I have two sites: one beautiful and sophisticated, the other drab and basic. Nevertheless, my previous blogs have been posted, and all that's left is tweaking the CSS and HTML!</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I encountered one particular issue, which was that after successfully managing to fork another jekyllnow repo (having kept my old site) I could not seem to upload any blogs. To solve this, I tried using logic to solve the problem. When this failed me, I pushed lots of buttons on the 'Gabriel' interface and found that my posts were being sent to both my old and my new repo. All I had to do is untick a simple box to stop it sending to my old one.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I feel I spent perhaps a little too much time helping others around me. I was instructed to keep to my own work at the start of the lesson, but it didn't feel right to be so far ahead when the person sitting next to me was struggling. However, rather than giving them a few pointers, I spent lots of time telling them exactly what to do. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next week I should keep my advice concise and not reveal the answers so bluntly. This will enable me to help others without spending most of my work time on them. However, this will also mean that the people I help will be able to think about their problems rather than simply being told the answer to them. </td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

