---
title: Blog Week 15
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-15/
source-id: 1zqOM1Y3iV-k_7baWopvkb31xEzsKnngoC1uEymF7PMU
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th ><strong>ASCII</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 20th January 2017</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 15</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>20/01/17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>After being able to successfully do addition in both binary and HEX with ease, I was ready to tackle something new. I wanted to know how computers could actually process characters on a keyboard as numbers.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To learn about ASCII and how it is used in computing. I hope to be able to convert between ASCII and English with the use of a spreadsheet and an English to ASCII chart.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>I have a formatted spreadsheet which allows the user to type in an ASCII or English word and receive an converted English or ASCII word. I used the variables VLOOKUP and CONCATENATE to help. I have attached my spreadsheet below.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I listened carefully to my teacher (despite various tangents we went off on) and followed instructions closely. I asked sensible questions when I was unsure of anything and used my knowledge of spreadsheets to complete the task easily. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My teacher had said that we should be formatting our spreadsheets to make them look pretty. However, I feel I took this instruction to the extremes, as I spend half an hour picking appropriate colours! Although I had finished the work already, I still think I spent to long on the graphics of the spreadsheet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I should spend less time making my spreadsheet pretty and get on with the work. I will, of course, choose good colours and fonts, but I need to primarily focus on getting the task done. That way I should end up with a working spreadsheet that looks pretty and still have some time left.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aUjgjMpK0ld_EDFtVCKUr1fVO3cXKMTbaix5dWx3h7k/pubhtml?widget=true&amp;headers=false" style="border-radius: 10px; box-shadow: 3px 3px 5px #000; width: 100%; height: 260px;"></iframe>
<br />

