---
title: Blog Week 14
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-14/
source-id: 1nQxveQrIJXPwSaPJfEWzfP2TDXbmZmAffKx3hGRfGXg
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th ><strong>Back to BASEic Maths</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 13th January 2017</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 14</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>13/01/17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>I was getting to grips with converting between HEX, binary and decimal. I had completed a short quiz on the subject with ease and had passed with flying colours. Therefore, I was feeling confident in my ability.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To learn about binary and HEX addition. Although this seems difficult, I hope to be able to add binary and HEX as easily as I can convert between them.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>I learnt how to do binary and HEX addition. I can easily do it, perhaps even easier than I can do addition in decimal. The next stage is to learn how to do more complex mathematical functions in different bases, such as subtraction, division and multiplication. </td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The processes I do in my brain when doing normal addition in decimal are the same processes I did when doing addition in binary and HEX. I remembered number bonds, remembered to carry and worked it out. It was very simple. To be perfectly honest, I was completely baffled as to why my classmates were finding it so hard!<td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The one thing that annoyed me and set me back was my peers. They were incessantly talking when my teacher was talking, failed to pay attention and did minimal work in the lesson. As a result of their conduct, the class will receive an 8 minute detention on Monday. I will not pretend I was not part of the problem; I too, talked a little too much. However, I did not talk as much as my peers.  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will not talk as much as I have been to show my teacher that I want to learn and that I am paying attention to what he is saying. I hope my classmates will strive to do the same, however unfortunately I am doubtful. </td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

