---
title: Blog Week 17
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-17/
source-id: 180mEOsIHzvO0WZCgYSVmKL16LFFH070EKoTf_Z2jFuo
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th ><strong>Loops and Calculators</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 3rd February 2017</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>3/02/17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>I had been going over some python commands and was revisiting Codecademy to revise python. I had a session on repl.it with advanced python commands.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To learn about 'for' loops, ‘while’ loops, variables and other aspects of python in preparation for a large task. Our task is to create a python calculator that offers a variety of functions for the user to choose from and carries them out effectively.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>I have grasped the idea of ‘for’ and ‘while’ loops and have made a good start on my python calculator. I hope to add to it to make it more sophisticated.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I listened carefully to instructions. I also remembered the parts of python I remembered learning from Year 8. This allowed me to complete the given tasks easily and quickly, meaning I could start my calculator.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson felt a little rushed. This was largely due to the depth of explanation of the commands given by my I.T teacher. Although this meant I had less time to complete the task, I was grateful, as it allowed me to fully understand how to use the commands we were taught.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next week I will continue to listen intently to instructions and will not be distracted by my peers. I shall take advantage of detailed explanations from my teacher, and ask relevant questions where necessary. This will allow me to have a greater understanding of the subject.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />
