---
title: Blog Week 16
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-16/
source-id: 1rcMx-Wvq_6wHJOoUiglzfsvLtAViKsmPtyrODcK8Tz8
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th ><strong>Revisiting Python</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 27th January 2017</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>27/01/17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>Once again, I was absent from this lesson after an injury in P.E. I had a better understanding of ASCII and also of how spreadsheets are used in the real world for real tasks, such as converting between ASCII and English.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To revisit the programming language of Python and to code six questions using Python that had different replies depending on the user's input. For example, if one of the questions was 'Are you feeling good today?’ then the reply should change from ‘that’s great’ to ‘sorry to hear that’ depending on whether the user answered ‘yes’ or ‘no’.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>After creating an account on repl.it, I now have six questions that change their reply depending on the answer given. I learnt and used a new command, float(), which meant the answer to a question could be read as numbers with decimals rather than as a string.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As soon as my peers where home from school, I asked them what I had missed in the lesson. They quickly responded and, as I had asked them promptly, they remembered the lesson well and were able to accurately tell me what tasks I needed to complete before the next lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Due to poor time management over the weekend, my blog is going up a little later than usual. This week it wasn't too much of a problem as I had the notes from my classmates to help me write about what happened in the lesson. However, when I’m relying on memory alone, poor time management will cause issues.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next week I should blog the very same day I have the lesson so my memories don’t become vague. This should mean I maintain an accurate blog whilst simultaneously giving myself less work to do over the weekend.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

