---
title: Blog Week 13
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-13/
source-id: 1zZQ_0GCDDI31DH__-5Kicow0yAUeXwdYYAb0ASTtBEM
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th><strong>New Year, New Topic</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 6th January 2017</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 13</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>6/01/17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td  style="width: 150px;"><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>I had completed the task given last lesson and my shift cypher spreadsheet was advanced and up to standards. Over the holidays I had written a couple of blogs, since I had somewhat neglected my GitHub blogging duties. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To once more learn about binary and HEX, and to be able to convert between binary, HEX and decimal with relative ease. To help with this, I would need to remember the lessons in Year 8 in which binary was covered.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>I managed to learn about binary and HEX. I can now convert between HEX and binary with ease and can convert between HEX, binary and decimal fairly easily. </td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I used a variety of techniques to make conversions between the different bases easier. For converting from HEX to binary, I thought of a trick: one character in HEX can be easily recreated using only 4 bits in binary. For example, to convert AD to binary, there was no need to first convert to decimal. D is 13 in decimal. You can make 13 with 4 bits of binary: 1101. A is 10 in decimal. You can make 10 with 4 bits of binary: 1010. Now you just have to put these 2 4 bits of binary together: AD is 10101101.  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>At first I was finding it difficult to convert between the different bases because I was overcomplicating things. An example was for converting binary to HEX, I was first converting to decimal and then to HEX. This is, in fact, unnecessary and more difficult. I need to be able to take a step back and think of easier ways of doing things.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Rather than running headfirst and going straight into tasks, I should first think about the most efficient way to go about the task. This should help me to finish tasks quickly and to a high standard.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

