---
title: Blog Week 11
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-11/
source-id: 1HBJ9qwfjiBGDb-1q5rRxpMlNm0HyIseEzMX_uNCSbZ4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Blog Week 11</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>2/12/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I had a fully functioning blog and had been introduced to the new topic of cyphers. I had been set a fairly difficult research/presentation homework that everyone had struggled with.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To perform my presentation in front of the class and Mr Keen and attain a good grade. Also, I hope to use the knowledge I have obtained to create my own cypher.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No, as it turned out I carried out the wrong sort of research for my homework. My task was to research the similarities between different cyphers. Unfortunately, the similarities I found were not the ones that my IT teacher was looking for.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I did extensive research (although it was wrong) into the subject of encryption and found out about the different famous cyphers (such as the Scytale or the Polybius Square) that had been used through history. I found 'CryptTool' to be a useful website to use. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that I failed in this task because I did not pay enough attention to the overall topic of ‘Similarities Between Cyphers’ when doing my research. As such, in my presentation, I missed a lot of the keywords I was supposed to include. I need to remember the overall aim of the homework being set.
 </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will focus on the research if given this task again to ensure I find the correct keywords. I will also endeavour to remember the overall topic or question of the task set. This should allow me to work out the aim of the task myself without having to be spoon fed the keywords or the answers.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


