---
title: Blog Week 21
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-21/
source-id: 15YV8mB-d12fbPw6HtiMjuupYZQWMb4dxal1ZcQw1-WM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
  <td>Blog Week 21</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>28/06/17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>My blog was looking slightly better, as I had added a white background to my container. This made it much easier to read my blogs, and made the site look a little bit smoother.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To format all of my blogs to separate the tables, add padding to the tables and make the headings bold. This would make it look more professional and look nicer, as well as more legible.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>It took a long time, but my blog posts finally look better and more professional. The headings are bold, the tables are padded and everything looks much neater.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I used my knowledge of HTML formatting to do what I needed, and I managed to have a look at how I had done it before on my previous blog site. This allowed me to review my work and allowed me to think of a better way to do it, if one existed.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sometimes I was lazy in my HTML, as I was trying to speed through the formatting. I often forgot to close 'strong' tags, which in turn destroyed all of my other tags in that particular blog post.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to slow down and try not to rush through work, as it lead to numerous errors in my coding. Equally, I need to keep up a good pace, to maximise the work I complete in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />
