---
title: Blog Week 19
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-19/
source-id: 1dGjoowf3wo-5G7Uk-ECCtKRd9M4z9dMbOKPy6YG2nD0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
  <td style = "width:150px"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 19</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>14/06/17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>The blog restart had occurred! I had manage to change the site a little so it didn't look like the boring default layout. I added in a background (which repeats and scrolls) and all my blogs are present, but unformatted. In other words, it looks awful.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To improve my blog drastically, beginning with adding in tables with padding in my blogs. I hope to also choose another nicer background which doesn’t repeat or scroll. In addition to this, I hope to start a new python challenge: coding a game show!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>Essentially I spent most of this lesson on my python game, meaning my blog doesn’t look any different. However, my python game has been planned, and is looking good. It is a game based around The National Lottery: Who Dares Wins.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mostly I used my own knowledge of python to begin my game show. I didn't have any issues with the code I was using, but every now and then I’d come across a logic issue with my program. That was why I planned in advance: so I could easily look back at my logic and see what wasn’t quite adding up.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I should really have spent more time on my blog, because it still looks pretty awful. I was keen to move onto python coding, as it is something I enjoy. However, since I began my blog restart, I must continue to work on it to ensure I end up with a blog page as good as my last one.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to balance my time between github and python coding, rather than focusing on one or the other. This way I should be able to maximise the amount of work I get done each lesson. It would also allow the quality of my work to improve, as I would have spent more time on each task rather than deliberating over one task and rushing another.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />
