---
title: Blog Week 20
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-20/
source-id: 10lQ6QaV-v-wBcCa9sw1g6mm79cd45Fc65Vr5Pr11Dc4
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th ><strong>Finally, Tables!</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Wednesday 21st June 2017</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <td style = "width:150px"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 20</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>21/06/17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>I had tweaked my blog slightly, causing the tables around my blog posts to appear! The entire blog still looks awful and unreadable, but the tables are a step forward.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To yet again tackle my blog and make it look prettier. I plan to add padding to the tables and a background to my 'container' to make it a bit prettier and more readable. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>My blog looks slightly less awful! The tables have been padded, the ‘container’ has been filled in white and I have even begun to format my actual blog posts by editing the HTML files.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I used my own knowledge of code to code what I needed to. I asked the people around me what colours they thought would look nice, and implemented them using my coding skill. Whilst I didn't always agree with their choices, it was useful to get multiple opinions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I had forgotten much of my HTML and CSS programming knowledge. I found myself googling code from time to time which in the past I had been able to remember without the aid of the internet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to revisit HTML and CSS courses on 'Codecademy’ to refresh my brain and boost my knowledge once again. I hope to also explore some new code which I have never come across before.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />


