---
title: Blog Week 12
layout: post
author: luke.amos
permalink: /blog-week-12/
source-id: 1c1q1wnTFvYdzlvVF6FHIMHSNYdL6ht4UPHyY7zXdNcw
published: true
---
<table class="title1">
<tr>
<th><strong>Chest Infection Means Day Off</strong></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th><strong>Friday 9th December 2016</strong></th>
</tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Title:</strong></td>
    <td>Blog Week 12</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Date:</strong></td>
    <td>9/12/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Starting point:</strong></td>
    <td>I had further researched the similarities between cyphers and had completely redone my entire presentation. Unfortunately, I had also obtained a nasty chest infection, meaning I was not present for this week's IT lesson; everything that follows was written with the help of my peers.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Target for this lesson?</strong></td>
    <td>To learn more about cyphers and to create my own shift cypher in google sheets. It should contain plaintext and several shift alphabets. There should be a box for the cyphertext. Changing the title of this box from 'Shift 1’ to ‘Shift 2’ should change the cyphertext from the Shift 1 alphabet to the Shift 2 alphabet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="width: 150px;"><strong>Did I reach my target? 
    (add details to "Lesson Review")</strong></td>
    <td>Despite being absent during this lesson, I managed to complete the task and reach my target. I thank one of my peers, who informed me of the task and what happened in the lesson. I have placed a link to his website below.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br />

<table>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>Lesson Review</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I asked my peers for information about what happened in the lesson and, once I was aware of the task, I managed to complete it using my computational knowledge and sheer logic. I used a variety of 'if' statements that instructed the cells to ‘VLOOKUP’ in different places according to the title. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My learning was obviously limited by my not being present. Unfortunately, I waited until Monday to ask my peers about what happened in the lesson. This meant their memories were hazy and I risked misunderstanding the task. I will have to wait until the New Year to see if I undertook the task correctly.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th><strong>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</strong></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will remember to ask my peers the very next day (if not the same day) when I miss an IT lesson. This means their memories will be less hazy and there will be less risk of them forgetting what we did in the lesson. Therefore, I will be able to undertake the task in the correct manner.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


